Create rule S6566: Use DateTimeOffset instead of DateTime (#1717)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6566/why.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

You should use `DateTimeOffset` instead of `DateTime` as it provides all the information that the `DateTime` struct has, and additionally, the offset from Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).

> This way you can avoid potential problems created by the lack of timezone awareness (see "Pitfalls" section below for more information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way you can avoid potential problems created by the lack of timezone awareness (see the "Pitfalls" section below for more information).
```

> However, it's important to note that although `DateTimeOffset` contains more information than `DateTime` by storing the offset to UTC, it isn't tied to a specific time zone, and it doesn't reflect the actual time zone to which that offset belongs. This information must be stored separately to have a full picture of the moment in time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, it's important to note that although `DateTimeOffset` contains more information than `DateTime` by storing the offset to UTC, it isn't tied to a specific time zone. This information must be stored separately to have a full picture of the moment in time with the use of `TimeZoneInfo`.
```
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.timezoneinfo
